I would like to speak about education. And the change it doesn't. Yes, Yes, yes, yes, it is because we located of India. The difference between CRT. That's not education education. Is when you can be successfully applied in reality. Something water, why? This is what is black! That is why our system let's go little further. This picture is very so what is it safe to take the same examination primary education, but the education system is written as from testing. Is it that is? Least 15 strap and father and all the farmers harvesting all the Paris.  Everything what is it become later, the supermarket getting Hindi Hindi story that what is the system field CSS custom, Perfect. So that is what it is.  The sun did not that rise for the price is coming from his escape.  Reality that is where the system is love story what it is not just published in the Hindu newspaper clipping in the article itself.  I mention that children must experience certain things with books going on. 21st If everybody has to the process of education in our system has to be the first step, learn as passion is the way that this application part 3 If you have not, every photography likes. And What. Is happening!  There. Is no process which is go along with the. Flow and. Are let's start with the living facilities in the past lives gurus adverse. Adi Shankaracharya Shuddh snack spread the word effects! And he was given the tools and. He. School students. And why so that is what happened when something about student, it was it and then applied, that is what medication higher education that is not made what should start?  Environment elected president visit from the surrounding environment. School at putting home. And not from yourself educated. This is an example. Of the first? Education notification. In what is said 26 life? Is just an example. Tropicana, whatever.  And that is why I should, but right way of putting it. Is this this I? Opening day still got it have.  That is what I am talking. And for some it is it as if I lost my student in school class 6th, right is to find out a pasun is where we are able to it to learn.  I would like to give you my story now. Just because at that point.   The real world skills skills. How to be Street smart. When the soft these are very important to behave yourself how to be thought and independent point important in Indian scenario, education of girls and boys, what is right and how to differentiate between. How to protect yourself all this is what we need at children to school. Children, if I can teach mathematics this using an activity that it had you did not had. Success dirty, very happy that also very important. What do we achieve this? What we successful people that is successful people in life that? Patients in the world he was talking about creating the stage for India and. Education and. Ultimately. 38 Best doctor, the best interest, the best animation, the world the best.